Inheritance wallet - Chapter 2 - Cosigner onboarding (#1100)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/inheritance-wallet/onboarding-cosigners.md

    - file: bob-export-config/onboard-alice-dialog
      alt: Sharing dialog showing a QR code and sharing options.
      caption: Bob exports the wallet configuration, so that Alice can set up the wallet on her phone.
    - file: bob-export-config/onboard-alice-mark-complete
      alt: Home screen showing three tasks that are associated with the wallet for the user to complete.
      caption: After Alice has successfully set up the wallet on her end, Bob checks off the task. 
    - file: bob-export-config/onboard-alice-completion-dialog
      alt: Screen showing a confirmation dialog.
      caption: Bob confirms that all cosigners have been onboarded. In our use case, Bob and Alice are the only cosigners.
    - file: bob-export-config/onboard-alice-done
      alt: Home screen showing two tasks associated with the wallet.
      caption: The cosigner onboarding task is gone from the list and Bob can continue with the the next task.
images_alice-import-config:
    - file: alice-import-config/app-home-initial
      alt: Screen showing an empty app home screen.
      caption: Alice taps the plus button to start adding the wallet. 

>     - file: alice-import-config/add-wallet-sheet

Reviewer: It feels a bit weird that Alice is "Recovering" a wallet when Bob is trying to "Onboard a co-signer". Could Alice have an option to "Onboard as co-signer", or could that maybe be explained in the description ("Use this feature also if you're onboarding as a co-signer...")?

Author: Good point. I think there are two possibilities:
1. Change the wording to "Import wallet", which doesn't clash so much for that use case.
2. Add a fourth option called "Join wallet". This would technically be the same feature as "Recover", since both would just import a wallet configuration. But it addresses the user intent more explicitly and presents options which matches what they are probably looking for (I want to join or recover a wallet) and since the app now knows what the user wants to do, it can tailor the flow that follows to that context.

I'd go for option 2, personally. What do you think?

Author: After more thought, I chose to stick with three options (Create wallet, import wallet, and provide key) and just update the wording.

      alt: Screen showing different options for adding a wallet.
      caption: She selects "Recover an existing wallet"
    - file: alice-import-config/alice-import-config-options
      alt: Screen showing different options for importing the wallet configuration.
      caption: The easiest way to import the configuration is to scan the QR code from Bob's screen.
    - file: alice-import-config/alice-scan-config
      alt: Screen showing an open QR code scanner.
      caption: Alice scans the QR code.

>     - file: alice-import-config/alice-review-wallet

Reviewer: Should this title maybe also reflect the activity Alice is doing - "Onboarding as a co-signer"? The text could be something like "You are accepting an invite to become a co-signer on this wallet. It means that x, y and z..."

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_bob-export-config %}

The app also shows an option to view the [wallet descriptor](https://bitcoin.design/guide/glossary/#output-script-descriptor). The wallet descriptor is a small piece of text that contains all the information that a wallet application needs to recover a multi-key wallet. We will cover this topic in more detail in the chapter about the wallet backup.

After Alice has successfully set up the wallet on her end, Bob checks off the task. For our application, this is a manual step, because it does not run a server that coordinates activity between the users. This adds a bit more friction to the user experience but minimizes reliance on the wallet provider.

#### Alice sets up the wallet on her app

Alice will scan the QR code from Bob's phone to import the wallet into her app. She reviews the final wallet configuration and hits "add wallet".

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_alice-import-config %}

On the home screen, the app shows the wallet, along with a task list that reminds her to: 
- Save the wallet backup kit.
- Enable her BitBox to sign transactions.

> ### Enabling the signing devices

Author: I don't know if that would work. During the wallet creation flow Alice's device has never seen the final wallet descriptor, which it needs to enable transaction signing. It has only seen the wallet configuration template and the role of its key in that configuration.

    - file: alice-enable-device/enable-alice-completion-dialog
      alt: Screen showing a confirmation dialog.
      caption: The app asks whether she has enabled all signing devices.
    - file: alice-enable-device/enable-alice-done
      alt: Home screen showing the wallet with only one task associated.
      caption: The last thing to do is to download the wallet backup kit.
---

<!--

Editor's notes

This page covers how Alice imports the savings wallet to her own app and enables her signing device to create and sign transactions.  

Illustration sources

https://www.figma.com/file/h5GP5v5dYfpXXfEUXf6nvC/Family-inheritance-wallet?type=design&node-id=5542%3A2119&mode=design&t=sBtcvrDzb8MPtWaK-1

-->

# Cosigner onboarding
{: .no_toc }

---

<div class="glossary-toc" markdown="1">
 * Table of contents
{:toc}
</div>

---

In the previous step, Bob used our application to [create the wallet]({{ '/guide/inheritance-wallet/wallet-creation/' | relative_url }}). The next step is to get Alice set up as a cosigner and to enable her to sign transactions. To do this Alice needs to:

1. Import the wallet configuration to her app

> 2. Activate the wallet on her BitBox, by importing the wallet configuration to the device

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Activate the wallet on her BitBox.
```
There is mention of importing the configuration in step 1, are there perhaps 2 separate configurations to import? If yes then would be worth mentioning. If not it might not be necessary to mention it in point 2.

Author: Yes, users have to import the wallet configuration to their wallet application first. From there, they then have to import it also to the signing device.

    - file: alice-enable-device/enable-alice-success
      alt: Success screen showing the option activate another device or go to the home screen.
      caption: On the success screen, the app shows the option to enable another signing device.
    - file: alice-enable-device/enable-alice-completion
      alt: Home screen showing the wallet with two tasks associated.
      caption: On the home screen, Alice checks off the task. 
    - file: alice-enable-device/enable-alice-completion-dialog
      alt: Screen showing a confirmation dialog.
      caption: The app asks whether she has enabled all signing devices.
    - file: alice-enable-device/enable-alice-done
      alt: Home screen showing the wallet with only one task associated.
      caption: The last thing to do is to download the wallet backup kit.
---

<!--

Editor's notes

This page covers how Alice imports the savings wallet to her own app and enables her signing device to create and sign transactions.  

Illustration sources

https://www.figma.com/file/h5GP5v5dYfpXXfEUXf6nvC/Family-inheritance-wallet?type=design&node-id=5542%3A2119&mode=design&t=sBtcvrDzb8MPtWaK-1

-->

> # Cosigner onboarding

Reviewer 3: Make consistent with title page in side bar.

- Onboarding cosigners
- Cosigner onboarding

{: .no_toc }

---

<div class="glossary-toc" markdown="1">
 * Table of contents
{:toc}
</div>

---

> [So far]({{ '/guide/inheritance-wallet/wallet-creation/' | relative_url }}), the wallet has been created on Bob's app. The next step is to get Alice set up as a cosigner and to enable her to sign transactions. To do this Alice needs to:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the previous step, Bob [created the wallet]({{ '/guide/inheritance-wallet/wallet-creation/' | relative_url }}) on his device. The next step is to get Alice set up as a cosigner and to enable her to sign transactions. To do this Alice needs to:
```
```suggestion
[So far]({{ '/guide/inheritance-wallet/wallet-creation/' | relative_url }}), the wallet has been created on Bob's app. The next step is to get Alice set up as a cosigner and to enable her to sign transactions. To do this Alice needs to:
```

Reviewer 3: For readability, feels a little strange to start the page with a link to 'So far', as it's unclear what will be behind the link.

1. Import the wallet configuration to her app.
2. Enable her BitBox to sign transactions. 

### Wallet onboarding

> The first step is to add the family savings wallet on Alice's app.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The first step is to add the family savings wallet to Alice's app.
```

#### Bob shares the wallet configuration

> Bob shares the wallet configuration with Alice by tapping on the "onboard cosigner" task. Just like during wallet creation, this displays a QR code that Alice can scan to import the configuration. Alternatively, Bob can share the configuration over a secure channel.

Reviewer 2: One minor inconsistency here as here we mention "over a secure channel".  Later on in the copy it reads "Alice will scan the QR code from Bob’s phone to import the wallet into her app". 

Generally over a secure channel one would imagine a secure messaging service or email. Just an idea to edit that beginning copy might make more sense. "Bob will share a QR code with Alice."

Reviewer 3: I added a suggestion to simplify and address this.

> Bob shares the wallet configuration with Alice by tapping on the "onboard cosigner" task. Just like during wallet creation, this displays a QR code that Alice can scan to import the configuration. Alternatively, Bob can share the configuration over a secure channel.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By tapping the "onboard cosigner" task, Bob can display a QR code that Alice scans to import the wallet configuration. Alternatively, Bob can share the configuration over a secure messaging channel if Alice is elsewhere.
```

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_bob-export-config %}

The app also shows an option to view the [wallet descriptor](https://bitcoin.design/guide/glossary/#output-script-descriptor). The wallet descriptor is a small piece of text that contains all the information that a wallet application needs to recover a multi-key wallet. We will cover this topic in more detail in the chapter about the wallet backup.

> After Alice has successfully set up the wallet on her end, Bob checks off the task. For our application, this is a manual step, because it does not run a server that coordinates activity between the users. This adds a bit more friction to the user experience but minimizes reliance on the wallet provider.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

> #### Alice sets up the wallet on her app

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Alice joins as cosigner
```

Reviewer 3: Not sure this is the best suggestion, but there is an opportunity to simplify and be more consistent when talking about this step. It is variously described as:
- onboarding
- wallet setup / sets up wallet
- add / import wallet
- join as cosigner

As far as I understand it is one step, not several. So finding the best description might make the whole page easier to read. If it was to be called 'Alice joins as cosigner' or similar, then I might separate the 'Recover wallet' and 'Join as cosigner' in the Add wallet modal image/flow.

This is just a suggestion, you decide.

Author: Yeah, wording is tricky. I went with "import wallet", as this is what really happens. Users don't really "join" a wallet. Plus, if I use the term join, then I still need to explain that in order to join, the wallet needs to be imported 🙂

Alice will scan the QR code from Bob's phone to import the wallet into her app. She reviews the final wallet configuration and hits "add wallet".

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_alice-import-config %}

On the home screen, the app shows the wallet, along with a task list that reminds her to: 
- Save the wallet backup kit.

> - Enable her BitBox to sign transactions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Enable her BitBox to sign transactions.

After Alice has successfully set up the wallet on her end, Bob checks off the task. For our application, this is a manual step, because it does not run a server that coordinates activity between the users. This adds a bit more friction to the user experience but minimizes reliance on the wallet provider.
```

Reviewer 3: Moved from above to here where it makes more sense.

> - Enable her BitBox to sign transactions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Enable her signing device.
```

### Enabling the signing devices

> Bob and Alice's signing devices need to be enabled to sign transactions for the family savings wallet. This is done by importing the wallet configuration to each device.

Reviewer 3: Bob's devices are already enabled. It may also be needed to explain / reiterate (if explained elsewhere) why importing the wallet to Alice's app does NOT make it a signing device. (I jumped straight to this page, so missed the part about it requiring a separate signing device, as technically the app/device could also do signing right?)

Author: Great catch, thanks for pointing this out. I have added this clarification at the top of the page. It helps to set the context for what follows. 
The part about using internet-connected signing devices I added to the wallet creation page [here](https://deploy-preview-1100--bitcoin-design-site.netlify.app/guide/inheritance-wallet/wallet-creation/#step-2-adding-the-signing-keys).

> Bob and Alice's signing devices need to be enabled to sign transactions for the family savings wallet. This is done by importing the wallet configuration to each device.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Bob and Alice's signing devices need to be enabled to sign transactions for the family savings wallet. This is done by importing the wallet configuration to each signing device.
```

> #### Bob did it during wallet creation

Reviewer 3: Since this page is called Cosigner onboarding it feels superfluous to describe Bob's enabling of his signing devices here. If necessary, move to wallet creation page, or just cut.

Bob has already completed this step during the creation of the wallet. When he imported the keys from his Trezor and the shared ColdCard, he did so using a wired connection. During that process the wallet was automatically activated on the devices. If Bob had used an airgapped method (e.g. via QR code or SD card) he would also need to explicitly import the wallet to these two devices. 

#### Alice enables her BitBox 

What is left to do is for Alice to activate the wallet on her BitBox, so that she can sign transactions with it. 

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_alice-enable-device %}

#### The wallet is ready
The family savings wallet is now fully functional: 

- Bob and Alice now have access to the shared wallet.
- They can view the wallet and its balance in their respective apps.
- Both can initiate and sign transactions using their respective devices.

> - Neither their children nor their lawyer has access to the wallet, as the wallet configuration hasn't been imported into their respective apps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Neither their children nor their lawyer have access to the wallet, as the wallet configuration hasn't been imported into their respective apps.
```

      caption: The app guides her throught the import flow on her BitBox.
    - file: alice-enable-device/enable-alice-success
      alt: Success screen showing the option activate another device or go to the home screen.
      caption: On the success screen, the app shows the option to enable another signing device.
    - file: alice-enable-device/enable-alice-completion
      alt: Home screen showing the wallet with two tasks associated.
      caption: On the home screen, Alice checks off the task. 
    - file: alice-enable-device/enable-alice-completion-dialog
      alt: Screen showing a confirmation dialog.
      caption: The app asks whether she has enabled all signing devices.
    - file: alice-enable-device/enable-alice-done
      alt: Home screen showing the wallet with only one task associated.
      caption: The last thing to do is to download the wallet backup kit.
---

<!--

Illustration sources

https://www.figma.com/file/h5GP5v5dYfpXXfEUXf6nvC/Family-inheritance-wallet?type=design&node-id=5542%3A2119&mode=design&t=sBtcvrDzb8MPtWaK-1

-->

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/inheritance-wallet/onboarding-cosigners/header.jpg"

>    retina = "assets/images/guide/inheritance-wallet/onboarding-cosigners/header@2x.jpg"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/inheritance-wallet/onboarding-cosigners/header@2x.jpg"
```
Only marking up this one instance. There are some other spots where the initial "/" is missing on image paths.

1. Import the wallet configuration to her app
2. Activate the wallet on her BitBox, by importing the wallet configuration to the device

It's important to understand that importing the wallet to the phone does not enable Alice to sign transactions yet. Her signing key is held on her BitBox, as we have covered on the [wallet creation page]({{ '/guide/inheritance-wallet/wallet-creation/#step-2-adding-the-signing-keys' | relative_url }}). Both, the wallet app on her phone and the signing device need to know about the wallet configuration, so that they can work together to sign transactions. 

#### Bob shares the wallet configuration with Alice

The first step is to import the family savings wallet to Alice's app. By tapping the "onboard cosigner" task, Bob can display a QR code that Alice scans to import the wallet configuration. Alternatively, Bob can share the configuration over a secure messaging channel if Alice is elsewhere.

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_bob-export-config %}

> The app also shows an option to view the [wallet descriptor](https://bitcoin.design/guide/glossary/#output-script-descriptor), which is a small piece of text that contains all the information that a wallet application needs to recover a multi-key wallet. We will cover this topic in more detail in the following chapter about the wallet backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app also shows an option to view the [wallet descriptor]({{ '/guide/glossary/#output-script-descriptor' | relative_url }}), which is a small piece of text that contains all the information that a wallet application needs to recover a multi-key wallet. We will cover this topic in more detail in the following chapter about the wallet backup.
```
